add Dropbox storage details (#2227)
galaxyproject/training-material: topics/admin/tutorials/object-store/tutorial.md

>    ```
>
{: .hands_on}

# Dropbox

> Dropbox is a well-known cloud storage sevice where you can store your personal content and share them from there with anyone.
> 
> we will provide all the details needed to allow your users to access the API of this service and import datasets into your Galaxy server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dropbox is a well-known cloud storage sevice where you can store and share files with anyone. 
As of [20.09](https://github.com/galaxyproject/galaxy/pull/9888), Galaxy has support for a couple of different file storage backends, including NextCloud (via webdavfs) and Dropbox.

This tutorial will help you setup the connection between Galaxy and Dropbox, allowing your users to add their account details and then access their Dropbox data within Galaxy
```
